### SELLICS IMAGE REVIEW FEATURE CHALLENGE ###

Implemented an MVP for a image reviewing feature. The project followed the wireframe provided with minor differences and the flow of the application is as asked.

For persistance I used the redux-persist library for storing the app data in localStorage. Another viable solution for a bigger application would be a Firebase integration with Firestore. The persisted state is made up of an array of approved images and an array of unapproved image ids so I can filter those images out in case the random one from the API is the same as previous calls. For a production level application this array could be changed to an object with the keys being the ids and the values being a boolean. Lookup would be O(1) and would be more optimal for a very large number of ids.

Regarding the API, I observed that because the url is the same, the browser would help me and cache some responses which would result in sometimes pressing X and not having a new picture load or entering an infinite loop until the cache would expire when getting already unapproved pictures due to the recursive implementation. To fix this I concatenated a random string to the url for cache busting. An alternative might be using the pagination parameter from the API but I obseved that sometimes the bug would still reproduce. From what I've read online this is a known issue when trying to do something similar using this endpoint and there is no fix at API level from Unsplash as of today.

I removed my acces keys from the dotenv file as it would be a bad practice to add the directly here or on git. If you want, I can send them by email on further notice.